Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now as we add more and more functionality to our classes our files can get very long.
We're want to keep our files clean and tidy as possible to help with this pile and let us store classes
in modules and then import the classes we need into our main program.
So let's look at how we do that now.
Well let's create a module containing just our e-reader class.
So as you can see on the right hand side here I've copied and pasted in just my e-reader class so nothing
else.
My e-reader class Plus it's one two three four five methods.
No print statements.
No new variables no new instances nothing like that.
Just my e-reader class and you can see here at the top.
I've put in a common docstring which just describes the module and this module is a class that represents
a basic e-reader.
So this is not a million miles away from what we did or a functions in our last section.
Now as I've done that here on the right hand side on the left hand side I've created a new file called
my underscore e-reader.
And as before make sure both your files as you can see in my left hand file menu here are in the same
directory.
Otherwise what we're about to do will not work.
So what we do well to import our e-reader class into a separate file we write from lecture which is
name my files your file may be different lecturn 98 so from file lecturn 98 import e-reader and your
e-reader class is going to have a couple whatever it is in this instance is capital E..
Now as you can see here we have no new variables created for new e-reader like we did in a previous
lecture and we've no print statement.
So we simply need to do that here.
So my new e-reader and we did this before.
So there's nothing new here.
My new e-reader equals e-reader So we're calling our class and now we put in the features or the description
that we had in a previous lecture.
So it's an Amazon Kindle.
That's the make model is Paperwhite
name I have difficulty pronouncing it's backlight so we're just going to say it as we did before just
of all don't forget are opening quote backlights which is an excellent feature just for backlights several
months of battery life.
And then finally I screen type where we trained with the API.
OK.
So nothing new there.
Then we have Prince my new e-reader and we're going to call the method get e-reader name over here.
So does get the reader name.
There we go.
So this is just as if we were writing at the end of our class down here on the bottom right hand side.
Let's just run this when you get an error on line for when we get an error because get the reader name.
I didn't put in the full method name there and I put a new name.
There we go.
Amazon Kindle paperweight it just put back like seven months of battery life trade DPR.
So what line one here we write our import statement which tells Platon to open the e-reader module and
import the e-reader class.
Now we can use the e-reader class as if it were defined in this file here importing classes is an effective
way to program once your classes work as you want them to.
You can leave those files alone and focus on higher level logic of your main programs.
Thank you for listening and have any questions.
Please do not hesitate to contact me and I'll see you in the next lecture.